add march topic and jan/feb slides (#62)
vulk/Austin_Software_Co-operatives: README.md

Future meetup dates and topics:
---

### Wednesday, March 2nd, 2022 at 7pm Central Time via Zoom
- Topic: Review of https://coopcloud.tech/ and interview with coopcloud provider autonomic.
  - Hosted by: W. Watson(https://github.com/wavell)

### Wednesday, April 6th, 2022 at 7pm Central Time via Zoom
- Topic: TBD

### Wednesday, May 4th, 2022 at 7pm Central Time via Zoom
- Topic: TBD

### Wednesday, June 1st, 2022 at 7pm Central Time via Zoom
- Topic: TBD

---

Slides from previous meetups: 
---

> - [FEB 2022 Meetup | Chapters 1&2https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1uF7xGz-Qj7xoLub06HOt_Lx6ghXHRez4aSYtCy3asFY/edit#slide=id.p): Design Justice: Community-Led Practices to Build the Worlds We Need](

Author: ```suggestion
- [FEB 2022 Meetup | Chapters 1&2: Design Justice: Community-Led Practices to Build the Worlds We Need](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1uF7xGz-Qj7xoLub06HOt_Lx6ghXHRez4aSYtCy3asFY/edit#slide=id.p)
```
